---
team: "Body & Chassis "
isDirectorsBoard: false
head:
  name: Abdullah Mohamed Abdullah Kamel
  image: /img/abdullah-mohamed_str2-abdullah-kamel.jpeg
  email: "abdullah.kamel00@eng-st.cu.edu.eg "
  linkedin: https://www.linkedin.com/in/ahmed-ragab-1b4a911b5
  facebook: https://www.facebook.com/profile.php?id=100003361600722&mibextid=ZbWKwL
members: []
---
**Cairo University Eco Racing Team - Body and Chassis Sub Team**

Embark on a journey of structural excellence with the Body and Chassis Sub Team at Cairo University Eco Racing. Our team is dedicated to crafting the foundation of our eco-friendly racing machine, focusing on aerodynamics, safety, and lightweight design.

**Mission:**
At the core of our mission is the pursuit of an aerodynamic and structurally optimized vehicle, where safety and performance seamlessly coexist.

**Expertise:**
Led by a team of skilled engineers, we specialize in aerodynamic design, chassis materials, structural analysis, and safety systems.

**Key Responsibilities:**

1. *Aerodynamic Excellence:* Crafting a sleek and aerodynamically efficient vehicle body for minimal drag and maximum performance.
2. *Chassis Innovation:* Designing a lightweight yet robust chassis, striking the perfect balance between structural integrity and weight reduction.
3. *Structural Analysis:* Utilizing advanced tools to ensure the structural integrity of every component, optimizing for durability and safety.
4. *Safety Systems:* Implementing cutting-edge safety features to protect both the driver and the integrity of the vehicle.

**Innovation Hub:**
Collaborating seamlessly with other sub-teams, we integrate our designs to create a harmonious, high-performance eco-racing machine.

**Beyond the Track:**
Our commitment extends beyond racing as we actively engage in educational initiatives and community outreach, sharing our passion for innovation in structural design.